Just got assigned a project due for next week, you...
The school’s talent show is today, what are you going to do?
If you could live anywhere, where would you live?
If you could be an animal, what would you be?
If you had a superpower, what would it be?
Friday night, got any plans?
Go-to movie genre?
What’s your favorite time of day?
Which dwarf are you?
When I grow up…
Do you consider yourself a people person?
In school you were…
Do you wish you could fix past mistakes?
Would you rather live in a city or by the countryside?
Spring break is here! Where do you go?
It’s your birthday! How do you celebrate?
How would your friends describe you?
How do you feel about new experiences?
When you like someone, do you approach them first?
How does love feel to you?
You see someone stealing paper towels, what do you do?
You heard a secret that could ruin someone’s life, what do you do?
Have you done anything awful? If so, how do you deal with it?
White lies don’t hurt anyone… Do they?
An acquaintance shares views that are extremely different from yours. Deep down, it irritates you… How do you deal with it?
What do you want to get out of life?
Do you feel like you’ve been here before?
What haunts you?
What do you dream about in your sleep?
What element resonates more with you
What is your strength?
What was/is your favorite subject in school?
What do you do for comfort?
What’s your favororite weather?
In a friend group, you are…
Someone wants to beat you up! What do you do?
Are you good at sports?
What do you do to pass the time?
How much time do you spend looking at your screen?
How many jobs are you willing to work at the same time?
Do you like visiting zoos?
You have a lot of things on your mind… How do you deal with it?
What was your favorite toy as a kid?
Your friend’s house party is winding down… Where are you?
Your partner has a lot of friends! A lot more than what you originally thought… you feel…
If you have to watch a show on tv, what do you usually watch?
Do you play any instruments?
How do you show your creativity?
Would you rather camp in the forrest for a week? Or spend a week camping by the beach?
What videos do you usually like to watch in social media?

